Issues/#8454 document theme builder am (#861)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/am/3.x/breaking-changes/breaking-changes-3.19.adoc

= Breaking changes in 3.19
:page-sidebar: am_3_x_sidebar
:page-permalink: am/current/am_breaking_changes_3.19.html
:page-folder: am/installation-guide
:page-layout: am

NOTE: To take advantage of these new features and incorporate these breaking changes, **use the migration guide available link:{{ '/am/current/am_installguide_migration.html' | relative_url }}[here]**.

== Theme / Branding

> Starting from the version 3.19.0, the **use the migration guide available link:{{ '/am/current/am_userguide_branding_theme_builder.html' | relative_url }}[theme builder]** has been introduce to create unique look and feel for the AM templates. These theme builder comes with new assets that are now used by the default forms and emails of AccessManagement. All the assets provided before AM 3.19 are still served by the Gateway in order to be able to render the old form templates. For that reason the assets provided before AM 3.19 are now deprecated and will be removed in a future version.

Author: Force pushed

= Breaking changes in 3.19
:page-sidebar: am_3_x_sidebar
:page-permalink: am/current/am_breaking_changes_3.19.html
:page-folder: am/installation-guide
:page-layout: am

NOTE: To take advantage of these new features and incorporate these breaking changes, **use the migration guide available link:{{ '/am/current/am_installguide_migration.html' | relative_url }}[here]**.

== Theme / Branding

> Starting from the version 3.19.0, the **use the migration guide available link:{{ '/am/current/am_userguide_branding_theme_builder.html' | relative_url }}[theme builder]** has been introduce to create unique look and feel for the AM templates.

Author: Force pushed

The theme builder comes with new assets that are now used by the default forms and emails of Access Management.
All the assets provided before AM 3.19 are still served by the Gateway in order to be able to render the old form templates.

> For that reason the assets provided before AM 3.19 are now deprecated and will be removed in a future version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those assets are therefore deprecated and will be removed in a future version, as per the list below.
```

Author: Force pushed
